Write SQL query to get the second highest salary among all Employees?
How can we retrieve alternate records from a table in Oracle?
Write a SQL Query to find Max salary and Department name from each department.
Write a SQL query to find records in Table A that are not in Table B without using NOT IN operator.
What is the result of following query?
Write SQL Query to find employees that have same name and email.
Write a SQL Query to find Max salary from each department.
Write SQL query to get the nth highest salary among all Employees.
How can you find 10 employees with Odd number as Employee ID?
Write a SQL Query to get the names of employees whose date of birth is between 01/01/1990 to 31/12/2000.
Write a SQL Query to get the Quarter from date.
Write Query to find employees with duplicate email.
Is it safe to use ROWID to locate a record in Oracle SQL queries?
What is a Pseudocolumn?
What are the reasons for de-normalizing the data?
What is the feature in SQL for writing If/Else statements?
What is the difference between DELETE and TRUNCATE in SQL?
What is the difference between DDL and DML commands in SQL?
Why do we use Escape characters in SQL queries?
What is the difference between Primary key and Unique key in SQL?
What is the difference between INNER join and OUTER join in SQL?
What is the difference between Left OUTER Join and Right OUTER Join?
What is the datatype of ROWID?
What is the difference between where clause and having clause?
What is cardinality in SQL?
What is Merge statement in SQL?
What is the difference between UNION and UNION ALL?
What will be the result of following query?
What is the wrong with this SQL query?
What is wrong with this query to get the list of employees not in Dept 1?
What is the use of Execution plan in SQL?
How many records are returned by following query?
Write a query for this problem?
Write SQL Query to get Employee Name, Manager ID and number of employees in the department?
Write SQL Query to find duplicate rows in a database?
Write SQL query to delete duplicate rows in a table?
Why is the difference between NVL and NVL2 functions in SQL?
What are ACID properties in a SQL transaction?
What is the main difference between RANK and DENSE_RANK functions in Oracle?
What is the use of WITH clause in SQL?
Which SQL feature can be used to view data in a table sequentially?
Write SQL Query to get Student Name and number of Students in same grade.
Write SQL Query to get the list of grades with total score more than average score.
What are the differences between CASE and DECODE in SQL?
Write a Query to get Unique names of products without using DISTINCT keyword.
Write a SQL query to maximum Zipcode from a table without using MAX or MIN aggregate functions.
Given a list of student names and grade. Write a query to print a comma separated list of student names in a grade.
What is the difference between Correlated and Un-correlated Sub query?
Given an Employee table with Manager_ID as column, print First name, Manager ID and Level of employees in Organization Structure?
Write a query to create an empty table from an existing table?
